So this is how we can use a slot, with this slot
keyword here, with the slot component kind of. It's important to understand where the code we're passing
in here is compiled though,
so let's check this for example with the style.
If I set a style of styling my h1 tag here to have a red color and keep in mind we're passing an
h2 tag actually,
okay so let's style h2, let's see,
so you think this will change the styling?
It does,
so the styling of that component is used here,
so the child component styling is applied to the data being passed in from outside,
that's the first key take away.
So if I remove this here and put it in the style tags here of the parent so that I set the color to red
there and set this also to scoped, do I think it will now work too?
No.
So that's the key takeaway as I said,
the styling of the child applies,
so here I would have to set my h2 style in the child to color the passed in h2 tags.
So even though the h2 tag is not written in this template but in the parents template, we do pass
it here in the end,
so that is very the style, like this.
There is a second important thing to keep in mind and that works exactly the other way around,
let's say the quote here would be some dynamic content,
so in the vue instance here, we would have our data function it is which returns the actual data object
and in this data object, we would have our quote title which simply is a string saying the quote and then
up here, we want to interpolate this,
so here we output quote title.
Do you think this will work?
Let's have a look,
actually it works.
So for compiling the template which means rendering any kind of vuejs operation we're doing here,
the styling is something different but for anything else, the component where you actually have the code
in the template will be the one doing the changes.
So here the app component or the app root instance of vuejs here is the one doing the changes
because even though we pass it to the child component, it is in this components template that we use in
the first place.
Yes it gets passed down but still it's written in these components template,
so here is where we can use any vuejs syntax we know including v-if, v-for, anything.
So that's the difference,
the styling is setup on the child component,
everything else is handled on the parent component and this scope of compilation compared to the styling
scope is important to keep in mind.